DEVDOCS-4198: [net new] Store Logs API (#1547)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/store-logs/store-logs.md

---
stoplight-id: 8093a34240fc9
---

# Store Logs API

The Store Logs API allows merchants to track events in their store. Each event creates an entry in the log. To process events over time, you can configure external systems to retrieve store log entries. For example, you can see how often merchants request shipping quotes from a carrier. You can also learn more about errors that occur on a store.

> The store logs track events from all storefront channels. Examples of events include sign-ups for newsletters and changes to an order status. You can retrieve entries for 365 days after their timestamp. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The store logs track events from all storefront channels. Examples of events include sign-ups for newsletters and changes to order statuses. You can retrieve an entry for 365 days after its timestamp. 
```

---
stoplight-id: 8093a34240fc9
---

# Store Logs API

The [store logs](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Using-Store-Logs) track events that take place in a store. Store logs have two components: **system logs** and **staff action logs**. 

The **Store Logs API** lets you retrieve a store's **system log**. The system log tracks events that take place on your storefronts, including shipping quote requests, newsletter sign-ups, and more. Each of these events creates an entry in the system log that includes the event type, summary, reporter (module), severity, and a timestamp. The system log tracks events from all storefront channels. You can retrieve entries for 365 days after their timestamp. 

> This article guides API users on how to get system log entries and filter by attributes such as event type, severity, and more. 

Author: Changed the voice in the intro

## Get system logs

Send a request to the [Get system logs](/api-reference/store-management/store-logs/system-logs/get-system-logs) endpoint. 

### Get unfiltered entries

> You can get entries that were created within the past 365 days. When you use no query parameters in your request, the API returns 20 entries with the earliest timestamp. The entries are ordered from the earliest to latest timestamp.

Author: changed the word choice

### Filter by log ID

To filter the entries by log ID, pass a comma-separated list of log IDs to the `id:in` query parameter. 

> 

Author: added intro sentence

<!--
type: tab
title: Request
-->

```http title="Example request: Filter by log ID" lineNumbers
GET https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{STORE_HASH}}/v3/store/systemlogs?id:in=5,7
X-Auth-Token: {{ACCESS_TOKEN}}
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/json
```

<!--

> type: tab

Author: added intro sentence

Accept: application/json
```

<!--
type: tab
title: Response
-->

```json title="Example response: Filter by type" lineNumbers
{
  "data": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "type": "design",
      "module": "Theme Download",
      "severity": "success",
      "summary": "user@example.com Downloaded Cornerstone-6.2.0.zip, 2zs05d70-3fb3-113m-43t0-179242c3acd9",
      "message": "user@example.com Downloaded Cornerstone-6.2.0.zip, 2zs05d70-3fb3-113m-43t0-179242c3acd9",
      "date_created": "2021-12-16T19:10:26+00:00"
    },
    {
      "id": 6,
      "type": "design",
      "module": "Theme Download",
      "severity": "success",
      "summary": "user@example.com Downloaded LifeStyle-1.4.1.zip, 8e2a49c1-f85d-3149-ghce-5e2ba6d55p34",
      "message": "user@example.com Downloaded LifeStyle-1.4.1.zip, 8e2a49c1-f85d-3149-ghce-5e2ba6d55p34",
      "date_created": "2021-12-22T15:27:09+00:00"
    }
  ],
  "meta": {
    "pagination": {
      "total": 2,
      "count": 2,
      "per_page": 50,
      "current_page": 1,
      "total_pages": 1,
      "links": {
        "current": "?type=design&page=1&limit=50"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- type: tab-end -->

### Filter by module 

> To filter the entries by `module`, use the `module` query parameter. Modules further categorize the type of log. For example, the log type `shipping` has many modules including `Zone based free shipping (freeshipping)` and `FedEx Ground Home Delivery (5-7 Business Days) (flatrate)`. For a list of log modules, consult the [API endpoint reference](/api-reference/store-management/store-logs/system-logs/get-system-logs). The following example requests entries from the `order status` module: 

Author: Need to get more explanation of what a module is

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we should have a separate section of all the available modules as something like an appendix (outside of the Get system logs endpoint?

Author: I actually asked around, and I don't believe I can get my hands on a list of modules. I re-organized the doc so that modules centers around a specific use case (rather than needing all the modules)

<!--
type: tab
title: Request
-->

```http title="Example request: Filter by severity" lineNumbers
GET https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{STORE_HASH}}/v3/store/systemlogs?severity=2
X-Auth-Token: {{ACCESS_TOKEN}}
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/json
```

<!--
type: tab
title: Response
-->

```json title="Example response: Filter by severity" lineNumbers
{
  "data": [
    {
      "id": 3,
      "type": "general",
      "module": "",
      "severity": "notices",
      "summary": "Marking order 1234000002 as deleted.",
      "message": "Marking order 1234000002 as deleted.",
      "date_created": "2021-12-19T19:12:31+00:00"
    },
    {
      "id": 4,
      "type": "general",
      "module": "",
      "severity": "notices",
      "summary": "Restoring order 1234000002",
      "message": "Restoring order 1234000002",
      "date_created": "2021-12-19T19:15:56+00:00"
    }
  ],
  "meta": {
    "pagination": {
      "total": 2,
      "count": 2,
      "per_page": 50,
      "current_page": 1,
      "total_pages": 1,
      "links": {
        "current": "?severity=2&page=1&limit=50"
        }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- type: tab-end -->

### Filter by paginated results   

> To specify the page and number of entries returned per page, use the query parameters `page` and `limit`, respectively. The following example shows a response that starts at entry 4, as you request page 2 with 3 entries per page.  

Reviewer 2: maybe rewrite to say: "which starts at entry 4 when you submit a request for page 2 with 3 entries per page."

Author: rewritten!

---
stoplight-id: 8093a34240fc9
---

# Store Logs API

The [store log](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Using-Store-Logs) tracks events that take place in your store. The store log is comprised of the **system log** and the **staff action log**. 

The Store Logs V3 API lets you retrieve your store's **system log**. The **system log** tracks events that take place on your storefront, including shipping quote requests, newsletter sign-ups, and more. Each of those events creates an entry in the system log that includes the event type, summary, reporter (module), severity, and creation date and time. You can retrieve only entries that have occurred within the past 365 days. 

This article guides API users on how to get entries for a store's **system logs**. This article shows users how to filter the response for various aspects of the entry, including event type, severity, and more. 

## Get system logs

Send a GET request to the [Store Logs API endpoint](/api-reference/store-management/store-logs). 

### Get unfiltered entries

> When you use no query parameters in your request, the API returns 20 entries with the earliest created datetime (given that the entries were created within the last 365 days). The entries are ordered from the earliest to latest created datetime.

Reviewer: make this sentence better. rewrite to remove the parenthetical. Select a term for datetime, timestamp, etc -- one term to use throughout. The actual API data object field names might help there.

Author: i rewrote it without the parenthetical. I changed all references to "date created" since `date_created` is the API property

Author: rewritten, and used timestamp

```

<!--
type: tab
title: Response
-->

```json title="Example GET response" lineNumbers
{
    "data": [
        {
            "id": 3,
            "type": "general",
            "module": "",
            "severity": "notices",
            "summary": "Marking order 1234000002 as deleted.",
            "message": "Marking order 1234000002 as deleted.",
            "date_created": "2021-12-19T19:12:31+00:00"
        },
        {
            "id": 4,
            "type": "general",
            "module": "",
            "severity": "notices",
            "summary": "Restoring order 1234000002",
            "message": "Restoring order 1234000002",
            "date_created": "2021-12-19T19:15:56+00:00"
        }
    ],
    "meta": {
        "pagination": {
            "total": 2,
            "count": 2,
            "per_page": 50,
            "current_page": 1,
            "total_pages": 1,
            "links": {
                "current": "?severity=2&page=1&limit=50"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

<!-- type: tab-end -->

### Filter by date created 

<!--
type: tab
title: Request
-->

```json title="Example GET request with X-Auth-Token header" lineNumbers

> GET https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{STORE_HASH}}/v3/store/systemlogs?date_created:min=2021-12-20

Author: Got the reply over slack to remove this date_created filter for now until the bug is fixed (ticket to track bug [TRIAGE-873](https://bigcommercecloud.atlassian.net/browse/TRIAGE-873))
